VeriSign Trust Gateway Pre-Release 
Software Evaluation Agreement
BY CLICKING "I ACCEPT" BELOW OR INSTALLING OR 
USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE 
BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, AND ANY APPLICABLE THIRD PARTY LICENSE 
AGREEMENTS INCLUDED IN THE /DOCS DIRECTORY OF 
THIS DISK. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE 
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY 
LICENSE AGREEMENTS, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE 
SOFTWARE, OR CLICK "I DO NOT ACCEPT", AND, IF 
APPLICABLE, RETURN THIS PRODUCT TO VERISIGN. 

This Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") 
is made between you, both in your own capacity 
and on behalf of the entity owning and/or 
controlling the systems with which the software 
accompanying this Agreement (the "Software") will 
be used (collectively, "Licensee"), and VeriSign, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("VeriSign").
1.	DEFINITIONS
"Pre-Release Software" shall mean the 
experimental, non-commercial version of the 
VeriSign Trust Gateway software, including the 
test certificate included therein, in the form of 
beta or pre-release version, including all 
related documentation provided herewith, that may 
be provided by VeriSign to Licensee hereunder 
solely for Licensee's internal evaluation and 
testing purposes as described herein.  Pre-
Release Software shall not include source code.
2.	LICENSE AND RESTRICTIONS.   VeriSign grants 
Licensee a limited, royalty-free, non-exclusive 
and non-transferable license to use one (1) copy 
of the Pre-Release Software solely for Licensee's 
internal evaluation and testing of the Pre-
Release Software with Licensee's products and 
services. Licensee may not copy, modify or 
distribute, decompile, reverse engineer or 
otherwise attempt to derive the source code of 
any Pre-Release Software provided to Licensee, or 
lease, rent, sell or otherwise distribute the 
Pre-Release Software.  Licensee may not create 
derivative works of the Pre-Release Software or 
use any components of the Pre-Release Software 
separately from the Pre-Release Software. 
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that VeriSign 
may update or revise the Pre-Release Software and 
in so doing may furnish but incurs no obligation 
to furnish such updates to Licensee, unless 
VeriSign and Licensee have entered into a 
separate written agreement for updates.  All Sun 
Microsystems Inc. ("Sun") Software provided by 
VeriSign under this Agreement  is subject to the 
Sun end-user license agreement.  A current copy 
of the Sun End User License Agreement ("EULA") is 
provided in the /DOCs folder of this disk or the 
Trust Gateway directory, which may be amended 
from time at Sun's sole discretion.  Such Sun 
EULA shall be between Licensee and Sun and 
VeriSign makes no representations or guarantees 
whatsoever with respect to such agreement and 
disclaims any and all liability as it relates to 
such Sun EULA and all Sun software provided to 
Licensee.  
3.	NO COMMERCIAL USE.  NO COMMERCIAL USE OF 
THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER BY OR 
ON BEHALF OF VERISIGN IS PERMITTED.   
REDISTRIBUTION OF THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE IS 
STRICTLY PROHIBITED.  REDISTRIBUTION OF ANY 
RESULTS CREATED USING THE PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE IS 
PROHIBITED.  SUCH RIGHTS MAY ONLY BE GRANTED 
PURSUANT TO A SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT 
EXECUTED BY VERISIGN AND LICENSEE AND THEN ONLY 
AS LICENSED THEREBY.  NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT IS 
PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND SHALL ONLY BE PROVIDED 
PURSUANT TO A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT EXECUTED 
BY THE PARTIES.
4.	OWNERSHIP.  Licensee acknowledges and 
agrees that the Pre-Release Software, including 
any derivative works thereof, are and shall 
remain the sole and exclusive property of 
VeriSign and its licensors.  The Pre-Release 
Software is protected by the copyright laws and 
treaties.  No rights to use VeriSign's or its 
licensor's trademarks is granted hereunder. 
5.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.  VERISIGN AND ITS 
LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR 
STATUTORY WITH RESPECT TO THE PRE-RELEASE 
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION), 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD 
PARTY RIGHTS, WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY 
DISCLAIMED.  LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT VERISIGN 
HAS NOT REPRESENTED OR WARRANTED THAT THE PRE-
RELEASE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR 
FREE OR WITHOUT DELAY OR WITHOUT INFILTRATION OR 
COMPROMISE OF ANY SECURITY SYSTEMS RELATED TO THE 
PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE.
7.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL 
VERISIGN OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO 
LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST 
OPPORTUNITY OR PROFITS, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR 
SPECIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, 
UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), AND WHETHER VERISIGN HAS 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  
THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED 
REMEDY.
8.	TERMINATION.   This Agreement shall 
continue for sixty (60) days following 
installation of the Pre-Release Software, unless 
earlier terminated in accordance with the terms 
set forth in this Section 8.  This Agreement will 
terminate immediately if Licensee fails to comply 
with any provision of this Agreement.  Upon the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, all 
rights granted hereunder shall cease, and 
Licensee shall destroy all copies of the Pre-
Release Software.  Notwithstanding the above, 
Sections 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 12 herein shall 
survive expiration or termination of this 
Agreement.
9.	CONFIDENTIALITY.  The Pre-Release Software 
(including all documentation) provided to 
Licensee and all documentation or other material 
provided therewith shall be considered 
Confidential Information.  Confidential 
Information shall not include information that 
(A) is now or subsequently becomes generally 
available to the public through no fault or 
breach on the part of Licensee; (B) Licensee can 
demonstrate to have had rightfully in its 
possession prior to disclosure to Licensee by 
VeriSign; (C) is independently developed by the 
Licensee without the use of or access to any 
Confidential Information; or (D) Licensee 
rightfully obtains from a third party who has the 
right to transfer or disclose it.  Licensee 
agrees to protect VeriSign's Confidential 
Information to the same extent it would protect 
its own confidential information of similar 
nature, at a minimum using a reasonable degree of 
care. Licensee agrees to not disclose any 
Confidential Information of VeriSign to any third 
party other than its employees or independent 
contractors that have agreed in writing to 
maintain the confidence of such Confidential 
Information and solely on a "need to know" basis.  
10.	EXPORT.  Licensee acknowledges and agrees 
that Licensee shall not import, export, or re-
export directly or indirectly, the Pre-Release 
Software to any country in violation of the laws 
and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, 
including but not limited to the export 
regulations of the United States.  VeriSign shall 
be permitted hereunder to review Licensee's 
export records relating to the Pre-Release 
Software as may be required by U.S. law.
11.	GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.  If Licensee is a 
branch or agency of the United States Government, 
the following provision applies. The Pre-Release 
Software and any related documentation are 
comprised of "commercial computer software" and 
"commercial computer software documentation" as 
such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (SEPT 
1995) and are provided to the Government (i) for 
acquisition by or on behalf of civilian agencies, 
consistent with the policy set forth in 48 C.F.R. 
12.212; or (ii) for acquisition by or on behalf 
of units of the Department of Defense, consistent 
with the policies set forth in 48 C.F.R. 
227.7202-1 (JUN 1995) and 227.7202-3 (JUN 1995).
12.	MISCELANEOUS.  Any action related to this 
Agreement will be governed by California law, 
without regard to the conflicts of laws 
principles thereof. The parties hereto agree that 
this Agreement is made and performed in Santa 
Clara County, California.  The application of the 
United Nations Convention of Contracts for the 
International Sale of Goods is expressly 
excluded. If any provision of this Agreement is 
held to be unenforceable, this Agreement will 
remain in effect with the provision omitted or 
reformed only to the extent necessary to make it 
enforceable and the remaining provisions of the 
Agreement will not be affected in any way.  The 
section headings appearing in this Agreement are 
inserted only as a matter of convenience and in 
no way define, limit, construe or describe the 
scope or extent of such section or in any way 
affect such section.  The terms of this Agreement 
may only be amended by a writing executed by both 
parties.  This Agreement is not assignable by 
Licensee. 

Trust Gateway Beta Agremeent (12.18.02).doc	
VERISIGN CONFIDENTIAL
